README.md, before:

# Azure Naming

This module helps you to keep consistency on your resources names for terraform The goal of this module it is that for each resource that requires a name in terraform you would be easialy able to compose this name using this module and this will keep the consistency in your repositories.

# Usage

For every resource in `terraform_azurerm` just remove the `azurerm` part of the module and use the `name` property of this output.

example for `azurerm_resource_group` you can use :

```tf
module "naming" "main" {
  suffix = [ "test" ]
}
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = module.naming.main.resource_group.name
  location = "West Europe"
}
```

if you want this to be unique for this module and not shared with other instances of this module you can use `name_unique`

```tf
module "naming" "main" {
  suffix = [ "test" ]
}
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = module.naming.main.resource_group.name
  location = "West Europe"
}
```
There are other advances usages that will be explained in the [Advanced usages](#advancedusages) part og this docs.

# Internals

## Modifying resources

The resources are automatically generated using `go` to change the generation please change the file on the `templates` folder. To add a new resource, include their definition at `resourceDefinition.jsonc` file it will be automatically generated.

# Current implementation

You can find a list bellow of all the resources that are currently implemented. To get a list of the ones that are missing implementation you can check at [Missing resources](docs/missing_ressources.md) the resources that have no documentation about their limitation on naming currently on Microsoft docs are on the [Not defined](docs/not_defined.md) list.



<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| random | ~> 2.2 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| random | ~> 2.2 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| prefix | It is not recommended that you use prefix by azure you should be using a suffix for your resources. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| suffix | It is recommended that you specify a suffix for consistency. please use only lowercase charactes when possible | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| unique-include-numbers | If you want to iunclude numbers in the unique generation | `bool` | `true` | no |
| unique-length | Max length of the uniquiness suffix to be added | `number` | `4` | no |
| unique-seed | Custom value for the randon charecters to be used | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| analysis\_services\_server | n/a |
| api\_managment\_service | n/a |
| app\_configuration | n/a |
| application\_gateway | n/a |
| application\_security\_group | n/a |
| automation\_account | n/a |
| automation\_certificate | n/a |
| automation\_credential | n/a |
| automation\_runbook | n/a |
| automation\_schedule | n/a |
| automation\_variable | n/a |
| availability\_set | n/a |
| bastion\_host | n/a |
| batch\_account | n/a |
| batch\_application | n/a |
| batch\_certificate | n/a |
| batch\_pool | n/a |
| bot\_channel\_Email | n/a |
| bot\_channel\_directline | n/a |
| bot\_channel\_ms\_teams | n/a |
| bot\_channel\_slack | n/a |
| bot\_channels\_registration | n/a |
| bot\_connection | n/a |
| bot\_web\_app | n/a |
| cdn\_endpoint | n/a |
| cdn\_profile | n/a |
| cognitive\_account | n/a |
| containerGroups | n/a |
| container\_registry | n/a |
| container\_registry\_webhook | n/a |
| cosmosdb\_account | n/a |
| custom\_provider | n/a |
| dashboard | n/a |
| data\_factory | n/a |
| data\_factory\_dataset\_mysql | n/a |
| data\_factory\_dataset\_postgresql | n/a |
| data\_factory\_dataset\_sql\_server\_table | n/a |
| data\_factory\_integration\_runtime\_managed | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_data\_lake\_storage\_gen2 | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_key\_vault | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_mysql | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_postgresql | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_sql\_server | n/a |
| data\_factory\_pipeline | n/a |
| data\_factory\_trigger\_schedule | n/a |
| data\_lake\_analytics\_account | n/a |
| data\_lake\_analytics\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| data\_lake\_store | n/a |
| data\_lake\_store\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| database\_migration\_project | n/a |
| database\_migration\_service | n/a |
| databricks\_workspace | n/a |
| dev\_test\_lab | n/a |
| dev\_test\_linux\_virtual\_machine | n/a |
| dev\_test\_windows\_virtual\_machine | n/a |
| disk\_encryption\_set | n/a |
| dns\_a\_record | n/a |
| dns\_aaaa\_record | n/a |
| dns\_caa\_record | n/a |
| dns\_cname\_record | n/a |
| dns\_mx\_record | n/a |
| dns\_ns\_record | n/a |
| dns\_ptr\_record | n/a |
| dns\_txt\_record | n/a |
| dns\_zone | n/a |
| eventgrid\_domain | n/a |
| eventgrid\_domain\_topic | n/a |
| eventgrid\_event\_subscription | n/a |
| eventgrid\_topic | n/a |
| eventhub | n/a |
| eventhub\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| eventhub\_consumer\_group | n/a |
| eventhub\_namespace | n/a |
| eventhub\_namespace\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| eventhub\_namespace\_disaster\_recovery\_config | n/a |
| express\_route\_circuit | n/a |
| express\_route\_gateway | n/a |
| firewall | n/a |
| firewall\_application\_rule\_collection | n/a |
| firewall\_ip\_configuration | n/a |
| firewall\_nat\_rule\_collection | n/a |
| firewall\_network\_rule\_collection | n/a |
| frontdoor | n/a |
| frontdoor\_firewall\_policy | n/a |
| hdinsight\_hadoop\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_hbase\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_interactive\_query\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_kafka\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_ml\_services\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_rserver\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_spark\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_storm\_cluster | n/a |
| image | n/a |
| iotcentral\_application | n/a |
| iothub | n/a |
| iothub\_consumer\_group | n/a |
| iothub\_dps | n/a |
| iothub\_dps\_certificate | n/a |
| key\_vault | n/a |
| key\_vault\_certificate | n/a |
| key\_vault\_key | n/a |
| key\_vault\_secret | n/a |
| kubernetes\_cluster | n/a |
| kusto\_cluster | n/a |
| kusto\_database | n/a |
| kusto\_eventhub\_data\_connection | n/a |
| lb | n/a |
| lb\_nat\_rule | n/a |
| linux\_virtual\_machine | n/a |
| linux\_virtual\_machine\_scale\_set | n/a |
| local\_network\_gateway | n/a |
| log\_analytics\_workspace | n/a |
| machine\_learning\_workspace | n/a |
| managed\_disk | n/a |
| maps\_account | n/a |
| mariadb\_database | n/a |
| mariadb\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| mariadb\_server | n/a |
| mariadb\_virtual\_network\_rule | n/a |
| mssql\_database | n/a |
| mssql\_elasticpool | n/a |
| mssql\_server | n/a |
| mysql\_database | n/a |
| mysql\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| mysql\_server | n/a |
| mysql\_virtual\_network\_rule | n/a |
| network\_ddos\_protection\_plan | n/a |
| network\_interface | n/a |
| network\_security\_group | n/a |
| network\_security\_group\_rule | n/a |
| network\_security\_rule | n/a |
| network\_watcher | n/a |
| notification\_hub | n/a |
| notification\_hub\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| notification\_hub\_namespace | n/a |
| point\_to\_site\_vpn\_gateway | n/a |
| postgresql\_database | n/a |
| postgresql\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| postgresql\_server | n/a |
| postgresql\_virtual\_network\_rule | n/a |
| powerbi\_embedded | n/a |
| private\_dns\_a\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_aaaa\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_cname\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_mx\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_ptr\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_srv\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_txt\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_zone | n/a |
| private\_dns\_zone\_group | n/a |
| private\_endpoint | n/a |
| private\_service\_connection | n/a |
| public\_ip | n/a |
| public\_ip\_prefix | n/a |
| redis\_cache | n/a |
| redis\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| resource\_group | n/a |
| role\_assignment | n/a |
| role\_definition | n/a |
| route | n/a |
| route\_table | n/a |
| service\_fabric\_cluster | n/a |
| servicebus\_namespace | n/a |
| servicebus\_namespace\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| servicebus\_queue | n/a |
| servicebus\_queue\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| servicebus\_subscription | n/a |
| servicebus\_subscription\_rule | n/a |
| servicebus\_topic | n/a |
| servicebus\_topic\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| shared\_image | n/a |
| shared\_image\_gallery | n/a |
| signalr\_service | n/a |
| snapshots | n/a |
| sql\_elasticpool | n/a |
| sql\_failover\_group | n/a |
| sql\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| sql\_server | n/a |
| storage\_account | n/a |
| storage\_blob | n/a |
| storage\_container | n/a |
| storage\_data\_lake\_gen2\_filesystem | n/a |
| storage\_queue | n/a |
| storage\_share | n/a |
| storage\_share\_directory | n/a |
| storage\_table | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_function\_javascript\_udf | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_job | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_blob | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_eventhub | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_mssql | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_servicebus\_queue | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_servicebus\_topic | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_reference\_input\_blob | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_stream\_input\_blob | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_stream\_input\_eventhub | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_stream\_input\_iothub | n/a |
| subnet | n/a |
| template\_deployment | n/a |
| traffic\_manager\_profile | n/a |
| unique-seed | n/a |
| virtual\_machine | n/a |
| virtual\_machine\_extension | n/a |
| virtual\_machine\_scale\_set | n/a |
| virtual\_machine\_scale\_set\_extension | n/a |
| virtual\_network | n/a |
| virtual\_network\_gateway | n/a |
| virtual\_network\_peering | n/a |
| virtual\_wan | n/a |
| windows\_virtual\_machine | n/a |
| windows\_virtual\_machine\_scale\_set | n/a |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Add entry for databricks_cluster (#14)
* add entry for databricks_cluster

* add output and document

* change resourceDefinition and document process in README

README.md, after:

# Azure Naming

This module helps you to keep consistency on your resources names for terraform The goal of this module it is that for each resource that requires a name in terraform you would be easialy able to compose this name using this module and this will keep the consistency in your repositories.

# Usage

For every resource in `terraform_azurerm` just remove the `azurerm` part of the module and use the `name` property of this output.

example for `azurerm_resource_group` you can use :

```tf
module "naming" "main" {
  suffix = [ "test" ]
}
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = module.naming.main.resource_group.name
  location = "West Europe"
}
```

if you want this to be unique for this module and not shared with other instances of this module you can use `name_unique`

```tf
module "naming" "main" {
  suffix = [ "test" ]
}
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = module.naming.main.resource_group.name
  location = "West Europe"
}
```
There are other advances usages that will be explained in the [Advanced usages](#advancedusages) part og this docs.

# Internals

## Prerequisites and setup

- Install [tflint](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint) as suitable for your OS.

- Run `make install` in the root directory of the repo.

## Modifying resources

The resources are automatically generated using `go` to change the generation please change the file on the `templates` folder. To add a new resource, include its definition in the file `resourceDefinition.json`, and it will be automatically generated when `main.go` is run.

# Current implementation

You can find a list bellow of all the resources that are currently implemented. To get a list of the ones that are missing implementation you can check at [Missing resources](docs/missing_ressources.md) the resources that have no documentation about their limitation on naming currently on Microsoft docs are on the [Not defined](docs/not_defined.md) list.



<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| random | ~> 2.2 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| random | ~> 2.2 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| prefix | It is not recommended that you use prefix by azure you should be using a suffix for your resources. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| suffix | It is recommended that you specify a suffix for consistency. please use only lowercase charactes when possible | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| unique-include-numbers | If you want to iunclude numbers in the unique generation | `bool` | `true` | no |
| unique-length | Max length of the uniquiness suffix to be added | `number` | `4` | no |
| unique-seed | Custom value for the randon charecters to be used | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| analysis\_services\_server | n/a |
| api\_managment\_service | n/a |
| app\_configuration | n/a |
| application\_gateway | n/a |
| application\_security\_group | n/a |
| automation\_account | n/a |
| automation\_certificate | n/a |
| automation\_credential | n/a |
| automation\_runbook | n/a |
| automation\_schedule | n/a |
| automation\_variable | n/a |
| availability\_set | n/a |
| bastion\_host | n/a |
| batch\_account | n/a |
| batch\_application | n/a |
| batch\_certificate | n/a |
| batch\_pool | n/a |
| bot\_channel\_Email | n/a |
| bot\_channel\_directline | n/a |
| bot\_channel\_ms\_teams | n/a |
| bot\_channel\_slack | n/a |
| bot\_channels\_registration | n/a |
| bot\_connection | n/a |
| bot\_web\_app | n/a |
| cdn\_endpoint | n/a |
| cdn\_profile | n/a |
| cognitive\_account | n/a |
| containerGroups | n/a |
| container\_registry | n/a |
| container\_registry\_webhook | n/a |
| cosmosdb\_account | n/a |
| custom\_provider | n/a |
| dashboard | n/a |
| data\_factory | n/a |
| data\_factory\_dataset\_mysql | n/a |
| data\_factory\_dataset\_postgresql | n/a |
| data\_factory\_dataset\_sql\_server\_table | n/a |
| data\_factory\_integration\_runtime\_managed | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_data\_lake\_storage\_gen2 | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_key\_vault | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_mysql | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_postgresql | n/a |
| data\_factory\_linked\_service\_sql\_server | n/a |
| data\_factory\_pipeline | n/a |
| data\_factory\_trigger\_schedule | n/a |
| data\_lake\_analytics\_account | n/a |
| data\_lake\_analytics\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| data\_lake\_store | n/a |
| data\_lake\_store\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| database\_migration\_project | n/a |
| database\_migration\_service | n/a |
| databricks\_workspace | n/a |
| databricks\_cluster | n/a |
| dev\_test\_lab | n/a |
| dev\_test\_linux\_virtual\_machine | n/a |
| dev\_test\_windows\_virtual\_machine | n/a |
| disk\_encryption\_set | n/a |
| dns\_a\_record | n/a |
| dns\_aaaa\_record | n/a |
| dns\_caa\_record | n/a |
| dns\_cname\_record | n/a |
| dns\_mx\_record | n/a |
| dns\_ns\_record | n/a |
| dns\_ptr\_record | n/a |
| dns\_txt\_record | n/a |
| dns\_zone | n/a |
| eventgrid\_domain | n/a |
| eventgrid\_domain\_topic | n/a |
| eventgrid\_event\_subscription | n/a |
| eventgrid\_topic | n/a |
| eventhub | n/a |
| eventhub\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| eventhub\_consumer\_group | n/a |
| eventhub\_namespace | n/a |
| eventhub\_namespace\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| eventhub\_namespace\_disaster\_recovery\_config | n/a |
| express\_route\_circuit | n/a |
| express\_route\_gateway | n/a |
| firewall | n/a |
| firewall\_application\_rule\_collection | n/a |
| firewall\_ip\_configuration | n/a |
| firewall\_nat\_rule\_collection | n/a |
| firewall\_network\_rule\_collection | n/a |
| frontdoor | n/a |
| frontdoor\_firewall\_policy | n/a |
| hdinsight\_hadoop\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_hbase\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_interactive\_query\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_kafka\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_ml\_services\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_rserver\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_spark\_cluster | n/a |
| hdinsight\_storm\_cluster | n/a |
| image | n/a |
| iotcentral\_application | n/a |
| iothub | n/a |
| iothub\_consumer\_group | n/a |
| iothub\_dps | n/a |
| iothub\_dps\_certificate | n/a |
| key\_vault | n/a |
| key\_vault\_certificate | n/a |
| key\_vault\_key | n/a |
| key\_vault\_secret | n/a |
| kubernetes\_cluster | n/a |
| kusto\_cluster | n/a |
| kusto\_database | n/a |
| kusto\_eventhub\_data\_connection | n/a |
| lb | n/a |
| lb\_nat\_rule | n/a |
| linux\_virtual\_machine | n/a |
| linux\_virtual\_machine\_scale\_set | n/a |
| local\_network\_gateway | n/a |
| log\_analytics\_workspace | n/a |
| machine\_learning\_workspace | n/a |
| managed\_disk | n/a |
| maps\_account | n/a |
| mariadb\_database | n/a |
| mariadb\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| mariadb\_server | n/a |
| mariadb\_virtual\_network\_rule | n/a |
| mssql\_database | n/a |
| mssql\_elasticpool | n/a |
| mssql\_server | n/a |
| mysql\_database | n/a |
| mysql\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| mysql\_server | n/a |
| mysql\_virtual\_network\_rule | n/a |
| network\_ddos\_protection\_plan | n/a |
| network\_interface | n/a |
| network\_security\_group | n/a |
| network\_security\_group\_rule | n/a |
| network\_security\_rule | n/a |
| network\_watcher | n/a |
| notification\_hub | n/a |
| notification\_hub\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| notification\_hub\_namespace | n/a |
| point\_to\_site\_vpn\_gateway | n/a |
| postgresql\_database | n/a |
| postgresql\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| postgresql\_server | n/a |
| postgresql\_virtual\_network\_rule | n/a |
| powerbi\_embedded | n/a |
| private\_dns\_a\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_aaaa\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_cname\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_mx\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_ptr\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_srv\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_txt\_record | n/a |
| private\_dns\_zone | n/a |
| private\_dns\_zone\_group | n/a |
| private\_endpoint | n/a |
| private\_service\_connection | n/a |
| public\_ip | n/a |
| public\_ip\_prefix | n/a |
| redis\_cache | n/a |
| redis\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| resource\_group | n/a |
| role\_assignment | n/a |
| role\_definition | n/a |
| route | n/a |
| route\_table | n/a |
| service\_fabric\_cluster | n/a |
| servicebus\_namespace | n/a |
| servicebus\_namespace\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| servicebus\_queue | n/a |
| servicebus\_queue\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| servicebus\_subscription | n/a |
| servicebus\_subscription\_rule | n/a |
| servicebus\_topic | n/a |
| servicebus\_topic\_authorization\_rule | n/a |
| shared\_image | n/a |
| shared\_image\_gallery | n/a |
| signalr\_service | n/a |
| snapshots | n/a |
| sql\_elasticpool | n/a |
| sql\_failover\_group | n/a |
| sql\_firewall\_rule | n/a |
| sql\_server | n/a |
| storage\_account | n/a |
| storage\_blob | n/a |
| storage\_container | n/a |
| storage\_data\_lake\_gen2\_filesystem | n/a |
| storage\_queue | n/a |
| storage\_share | n/a |
| storage\_share\_directory | n/a |
| storage\_table | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_function\_javascript\_udf | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_job | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_blob | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_eventhub | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_mssql | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_servicebus\_queue | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_output\_servicebus\_topic | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_reference\_input\_blob | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_stream\_input\_blob | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_stream\_input\_eventhub | n/a |
| stream\_analytics\_stream\_input\_iothub | n/a |
| subnet | n/a |
| template\_deployment | n/a |
| traffic\_manager\_profile | n/a |
| unique-seed | n/a |
| virtual\_machine | n/a |
| virtual\_machine\_extension | n/a |
| virtual\_machine\_scale\_set | n/a |
| virtual\_machine\_scale\_set\_extension | n/a |
| virtual\_network | n/a |
| virtual\_network\_gateway | n/a |
| virtual\_network\_peering | n/a |
| virtual\_wan | n/a |
| windows\_virtual\_machine | n/a |
| windows\_virtual\_machine\_scale\_set | n/a |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
